Updated test.sequencing_summary.txt to fix column issues (#1101)
nf-core/test-datasets: README.md

      - 'test_2.fastq.gz'
    - sequencing_summary
      - 'test.sequencing_summary.txt'

>       - 'updated.test.sequencing_summary.txt' : A tab-delimited text file containing useful information for each read analysed during basecalling of nanopore sequencing data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - 'test2.sequencing_summary.txt' : A tab-delimited text file containing useful information for each read analysed during basecalling of nanopore sequencing data. 
```
